I'll holiday two is two o'clock in the
morning but i just realized i have this
every little headache i found some time
I can i play xbox yeah I'm did orient so
it did go from a little bit fun Peter
was a father always whether we may get
pregnant but you'll need to plug to plug
something into that all right there
little how to plug something into their
to system is a 2.5 out in the later 2.5
so if you go down to your dollar store
where their shadow lecture I think even
more work and we can get it to point
I've jack to a 3.5 so lovely example
just eat nanny tech press it in until
just jammed in there it is it is gonna
fit and grab a 3.5 headphone this is
anymore um hi flow blows yeah and it's
going to
experian you can get me to talk about
very much they go how's that for
something else but perfectly so you this
will work listening I'm all I like it
you're actually fun to work in it just
run the built-in microphone and so what
you do so this is a 3.5 your evidence
today oh now turn on your xbox
controller and it should be working and
holy